[music]
U
o a
[music]
U
Lee Seok-woo in front of Myanmar Myanmar model selection contest
The third is the bar
Model Contest has discharged an outstanding model of Air Coco
The event is taking place with the model of the mouth massage the selection of Ray's platform
I hope I can get a lot of Korean products or products.
Myanmar model, which was selected for oil, was held in Seoul,
I wish I could make a good performance.
[music]
Yesterday, the more Myanmar 's line went, the 7th improvement in February
This car mat Anna has been very much involved
So far, 21 models in Korea come to Korea.
I hope to be scraped seoulcheong Bois
[music]
peer to peer to peer to
woo hoo hoo hoo hoo
U
[music]